---
title: "i went to paris"
date: git Created
changed_date: git Last Modified
description: "report about my trip to paris"
permalink: false
---


You know Paris is always THE cultural capital of europe - with the great thinkers, artists, ingenues, socialites, scholars and personalities having made it their home over the course of history, it was certainly an easy choice to decide to visit it. I admit with no shame that on my own I probably would've never made my way there - without getting into detail i am of the "seen a picture = been there" mentality - so it was by a fortunate combination of work-related ennui and my directionless need to so *something*, that I found myself saying yes immediately when a friend approached me about a weekend trip.

now me and trips-with-friends have a strained relationship, as i found that i start deteriorating socially and in behavior the longer i am in a space that other people also reside in. ill give you a rundown: the first day i am in great spirits - and my companions are as well. the next day i am drained - even if we have separate rooms i still am sleeping and existing in the presence of people, with no outlet for my usual strangeness of flapping my arms, singing loudly and generally behaving abnormally. that is also when the other people start to feel strain of our time together, they are tired and get annoyed at my increasing unnormal behavior, until they snap - and that brings a cascading reaction that leaves me silently crying myself to sleep over my isolation, as my brain blows whatever comment they made ("please, can you be quiet just for *a minute*, it's warm and my head hurts when you sing so loud") out of proportion. it leads to this: third day and i am overthinking my every action - frequently asking the irritating "are you mad at me?" question. only when we say goodbye at the train station i relax again, as i put in my headphones and start dancing and humming along to the music right there on the street. the burden of having to anticipate and fit in with the other persons dissapears - i am free.

and yet, despite me having an "*episode*" on every trip with my peers in recent memory, i hardly say no to one, hell, i even get out of my way to organize something at every opportunity. with mixed results, as ive learned that most things just don't happen. 

i'll give you an  example: a recurring theme during this trip with K, as I will call her, was that we just had to get a tattoo. i find tatoos cool as hell, K does seem to like them as well, but she has this funny characteristic where she'll deem arbitrary things as "*cringe*" and will judge people who engage in something *cringe*. i absolutely couldn't care less. the first point of discussion was: what kind of tattoo should we get, as she doesn't want to have something "basic". after some back and forth "it can't be cringe" vs. "i genuinely don't care, i just want a tatoo", we settled on one of the dried and pressed four-leaf clovers she keeps in her phonecase. *finally*. we decide to get it on the last day (that's when the feeling of the inevitable failure set in by the way) because if there's any complications it won't ruin the entire trip. well, that plus the opening hours of... everything in paris seem to be in constant, frustrating flux. so, the last day rolls around, with all of it's awful emotion-draining residue, and after two closed shops we find a studio. the lady is super nice, but as it turns out the base price is 30 euros more than my friend is willing to pay, which *is* an issue that she has to be fair, and that's how it always ends. we don't get a tattoo.
it leaves a bad taste in my mouth, as well as hers.

i'm getting ahead of myself. unquestionably, if i had to rank all of the small moments and situations that i witnessed in paris, the ride there with flixbus is definitely in the top ten. see, flixbus does offer direct connections to munich - but those were too expensive, i didn't want to be shilling out more than i needed to, so I picked the one-change budget option. said change was in strasbourg - a beautiful town judging by the piss-less bus station i saw - in france. 
here's a fun fact about me: from the grades 7 to 10 i've had to take french at school with, what i am convinced was, the most incompetent teacher in a 100km are i'm sure. so bad in fact, that from those four years, i only remember "je ne sais pas francois" (I don't speak french), which got plenty of use during my stay.
so I get out of the bus after a good five hour drive, knowing that i have one hour to scope out the joint and find the mission objective:the stop my next bus is gonna be at. apparently, the frenchmen have not yet invented the digital timetable technlogoy yet - but to be fair the germans only adapted in relatively recently - and my bladder is giving me hell, so i start wandering around with my scarab blue suitcase

